README.md, before:

# Papers We Love: Temporal Alignment
## by Anton Dignös, Michael&nbsp;H.&nbsp;Böhlen, Johann&nbsp;Gamper

These are the slides and my notes for a talk at [Papers We Love Portland](https://paperswelove.org/chapter/portland/)
about the [*Temporal Aligment* paper](https://www.zora.uzh.ch/id/eprint/62963/1/p433-dignos.pdf).
I gave the talk 25 September 2024.

The slides are built on [reveal.js](https://github.com/hakimel/reveal.js/).

You also can get [all the slides as a PDF](slides.pdf),
or [read the slides' Markdown with speaker notes](slides.md).

## Development

You can run the slides locally by saying:

```
npm install
npm start
```

You can get a slideshow-able PDF by going to http://localhost:8000/?print-pdf *in Chrome* and printing to a PDF. This is what you want to save as `slides.pdf`.

You can include speaker notes by going to http://localhost:8000/?print-pdf&showNotes=separate-page *in Chrome*, printing to a PDF, then printing the PDF. It uses a custom hack to get separate-page speaker notes with a white background. This is what you want to print before you give the talk.

Commit message:

Add link to view the slideshow

README.md, after:

# Papers We Love: Temporal Alignment
## by Anton Dignös, Michael&nbsp;H.&nbsp;Böhlen, Johann&nbsp;Gamper

These are the slides and my notes for a talk at [Papers We Love Portland](https://paperswelove.org/chapter/portland/)
about the [*Temporal Aligment* paper](https://www.zora.uzh.ch/id/eprint/62963/1/p433-dignos.pdf).
I gave the talk 25 September 2024.

You can <a href="https://illuminatedcomputing.com/pages/pwlpdx2024-temporal-alignment/">view the slides</a> on my website.

The slides are built on [reveal.js](https://github.com/hakimel/reveal.js/).

You also can get [all the slides as a PDF](slides.pdf),
or [read the slides' Markdown with speaker notes](slides.md).

## Development

You can run the slides locally by saying:

```
npm install
npm start
```

You can get a slideshow-able PDF by going to http://localhost:8000/?print-pdf *in Chrome* and printing to a PDF. This is what you want to save as `slides.pdf`.

You can include speaker notes by going to http://localhost:8000/?print-pdf&showNotes=separate-page *in Chrome*, printing to a PDF, then printing the PDF. It uses a custom hack to get separate-page speaker notes with a white background. This is what you want to print before you give the talk.
